alright people it's Pratt here and today
I've got a black ops 2 commentary for
you this one well this gameplay is a
it's actually the first round of a
domination game on the new maps to do a
lot of people well know a lot of people
about a couple people wanted me to
upload a gameplay on the new maps and
talk about obviously just for a regular
commentary rather than me discussing the
map so here is one on studio the firing
range map remake I start with the XP are
for around two or three minutes get a
clip which you will have seen in the day
Taj then I switch to the DSR so a little
bit of a different gameplay for you guys
today i hope you enjoy it and I want to
talk to you guys about something that's
coming up soon and I honestly can't wait
for it 200,000 subscribers I'm going to
hit it well my average subs as he's been
dropping and rising a lot recently so I
can't really judge it because i'm using
that social blade so like a couple of
weeks ago it was 21 days but then I
started losing started not getting as
many subscribers as the average was so
now it's 20 days now even though it's
been two weeks or something like that so
you know I don't know when exactly i'm
going to hit it but i still think i've
got a couple of weeks at least pro maybe
even almost three weeks to get videos
dump you guys cuz if you guys remember
last time like hundred thousand
subscribers that was a crazy achievement
and two hundred thousands just even more
insane but like back then and that was
my biggest achievement I've done on
YouTube you could say and I wanted to
give back to you guys for all the
support and stuff so i did for videos i
did a germany touch with pamaj i did a
top 20 favorite clips video i gave all
my example three clips out or for all
the editors out there and they also did
a set of video because i moved to
university so i added yourself so 400k
add a lot of videos to you know just to
celebrate and to give you guys something
back for all the all the support and all
the i don't know just activeness over
the
over the past however long I've been
doing this like three or four years or
whatever so for 200k I want to do
something like that again with 150k it
was a big thing but it came around
pretty quick and ya know that's what she
said before so I comments it and them I
didn't really have much time to make
anything so this time you know why love
I mean I've got a lot of University
worked to work on but the deadlines are
done in 10 days or something like that
so I do have a little bit of spare time
after that to make videos and I really
want to make a lot of videos to
celebrate probably like a week's worth
of videos which would be awesome a great
way to celebrate 200 k rather than just
the one video of me seemed fine Q or
something so this is where I need need
yo guys input I've already I've already
got a 200km montage being edited which I
probably talked about before that's by
Henker or hinkin v who's an editor so
he's working on that so that'll probably
be one of the first uploads then I want
I thinking of doing the sniping tips
video for that as well for the 200k a
week because I know the sniper this
video is long of a 2 now it's just gonna
take a lot of time but that could be
something to add to that week you know
that I think that go down really well
and hopefully all the effort I put into
it will sure I was also thinking of a
lot of people want reaction videos I did
I never really recorded voice for a lot
of my Clips only recently ever started
recording voice so I'd have to look back
on older clips on all the cards and try
and find somewhere I actually get a
reaction because I do play alone well a
lot of the time when I've hit big clips
or sometimes it's just with one or two
people and never really play in a big
party so like it's hard to get those
kind of reactions where everyone's like
screaming and stuff so if you guys want
to see reaction the video like my
favorite ones or well the ones that can
actually find and let me know about that
because that could be another video so i
think i'm planning well last time i did
for videos this
maybe I could do five or more depends
how how many good ideas i get so right
there if I go ahead with those that's
three so I've already got one solid one
which is a montage the reaction video
won't take much effort to put together
so i could probably do that anyway and
the cyber tips video is going to take a
long time but if i start planning it now
and getting everything ready i will i'll
be able to get that done so they're my
ideas from my part if you guys have any
ideas of what you want me to do
something new something old something
I've done before just let me know put it
in the comments tweet at me I don't even
care just and let me know what you guys
want me to do for 200 care it's gonna be
insane achievement and I can't fight you
guys enough for that so yeah that's the
commentary i hope you guys enjoyed i
actually took this game from theater
because i didn't i messed up the
recording so hope you enjoyed the
gameplay thanks for watching leave a
like if you enjoyed and I'll see you
guys later bye